             SOFTWARE CHANGE REQUEST FORM

Name (responsible team member): Mike Heroux
Date Request Initiated: Feb 1, 2002

Request Type:      
__ Feature    XX Requirement      __ Design      __ Release      __ Bug Issue 

Request Action:   
__ New         XX Enhancement     __ Modification        __ Remove

Customer Priority:  
XX High      __ Medium      __ Low

Source of Request (Name or Document): Scott Hutchinson

Request (Voice of Customer):

AztecOO (via Aztec) has a hard-coded value to determine when the GMRES 
solver's Krylov subspace has become too ill-conditioned.  This value
is (perhaps) too conservative and certainly is often the cause of
early exit by GMRES for Xyce problems.  The Xyce team would like to be
able to make this parameter a user-definable value.

The new experimental adaptiveIterate method in AztecOO has some
peculiar behavior, probably related to how the tolerance is being
defined on repeated calls to the iterative solver.  When a relative
tolerance is being used (i.e., when the solver is asked to reduce the
residual by a certain amount relative to the initial residual),
repeated calls to the solver do not take into account progress that
was made by previous calls.  As a result, the requested tolerance
becomes impossible to attain.  For example:

- Tolerance set = 1.0E-10
- Call 1: Reduces residual by 1.0E-9, but used max number of iterations.
- adaptiveIterate methods sees that progress was made and recalls the
solver, but does not change the tolerance requirements.
- Call 2: Residual is reduce by more than one order of magnitude (at
which point it should stop because the original requirement was
satisfied) but the solver is still using a relative drop of 1.0E-10,
which is really 1.0E-20, an unattainable residual in some cases.

In addition to this behavior, there is also some other cause for
nonterminated recalls to the solver.

Finally AztecOO should have the ability to provide a summary of the 
adaptiveIterate success/failure results in adaptiveIterate.


Date of Customer Confirmation:
Tracking Date:
Review Date:

Disposition:   
__ Rejected        XX OK for next software release        __ Future Release
Date Customer Notified of Disposition:


DATA:

Metrics:






------------------------------------------------------------------------------
General Directions:
The process initiation date should be filled in immediately to initiate this 
process.  The initiation date must be the date of printing.  The indicated  
steps may be completed in any reasonable order.  The process shall 
be considered complete when all steps have been completed.

Specific Directions:
The initiating team member is responsible to insure all steps are completed.  
The request should be recorded in the "voice of the customer" as far as 
possible. Generally, the confirmation of the request should 
be sent to the customer by the following work day.  Once the disposition is 
determined, the customer should be notified within five working days.  


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
QA

Process Ownership:
This document and associated procedure are owned by the Project Leader who 
must approve any changes.  This document is version 1.0 and supercedes all 
previous versions.  This document is under version control.  
All previous versions will print with a banner "OBSOLETE".  

Authority to perform process:
Any team member may initiate this procedure. 

If this process or associated document is superceded after an activity has been 
initiated, the process shall be completed under this version unless 
specifically notified otherwise by the team leader.

Stage Entrance and Stage Exit:
The stage entrance is the process initiation by any authorized person.  
All necessary process inputs are build into the checklist.  The stage exit is 
the completion of this form (all steps completed and metrics entered.)
