             SOFTWARE CHANGE REQUEST FORM

Name (responsible team member): Mike Heroux
Date Request Initiated: 14-March-2002

Request Type:      
XX Feature    XX Requirement      __ Design      __ Release      __ Bug Issue 

Request Action:   
XX New         XX Enhancement     __ Modification        __ Remove

Customer Priority:  
XX High      __ Medium      __ Low

Source of Request (Name or Document): Bart Van Bloemen Waanders

Request (Voice of Customer):
We (Bart and others: Ross Bartlett, Omar Ghattas, etc.) are using MpSalsa as a
test vehicle for PDE design optimization.  MpSalsa uses block data structures and
as a result needs preconditioner support for block matrices, including support
for solving the transpose problem (A^Tx = b).  Trilinos will only support
transpose capabilities in Ifpack preconditioners (support in old Aztec
preconditioners is very problematic due to Aztec's arcane data structures).



Date of Customer Confirmation:
Tracking Date:
Review Date:

Disposition:   
__ Rejected        XX OK for next software release        __ Future Release
Date Customer Notified of Disposition:


DATA:

Metrics:






------------------------------------------------------------------------------
General Directions:
The process initiation date should be filled in immediately to initiate this 
process.  The initiation date must be the date of printing.  The indicated  
steps may be completed in any reasonable order.  The process shall 
be considered complete when all steps have been completed.

Specific Directions:
The initiating team member is responsible to insure all steps are completed.  
The request should be recorded in the "voice of the customer" as far as 
possible. Generally, the confirmation of the request should 
be sent to the customer by the following work day.  Once the disposition is 
determined, the customer should be notified within five working days.  


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
QA

Process Ownership:
This document and associated procedure are owned by the Project Leader who 
must approve any changes.  This document is version 1.0 and supercedes all 
previous versions.  This document is under version control.  
All previous versions will print with a banner "OBSOLETE".  

Authority to perform process:
Any team member may initiate this procedure. 

If this process or associated document is superceded after an activity has been 
initiated, the process shall be completed under this version unless 
specifically notified otherwise by the team leader.

Stage Entrance and Stage Exit:
The stage entrance is the process initiation by any authorized person.  
All necessary process inputs are build into the checklist.  The stage exit is 
the completion of this form (all steps completed and metrics entered.)
